Student A: "Cher cher! Can I go to the loo?" Teacher: "Go lah go lah!".
Teacher: WHO DID THAT? B: Cher cher, him! I saw! *points to A*
I suppose it was a lot better than being addressed as ‘cher, but at the time I kept wishing I had ended up in a junior college instead.
Ah, I understand now.
Ah! It's good to be back home!
Ah, the flowers of spring.
Boy don't try to front, uh, IKnow just, just, what you are, ah, ah.
the crowd's oohs and ahs at the fireworks
Mother and dad oohed and ahed over Cindy. She was only two months old but already was developing her personality.
Blame the Ah-Neh race again, just like what they did to the former president who is now in Canada.
some 'ah-neh' stole my hp! not tt i'm a racist but i saw this indian or dunno bhangra walking near me on the way to the mrt stn and din realise tt i lost my hp till i got on the train at jurong east to look for it.
Well, the locals who contributed to the current prosperity of Singapore, who sacrificed their most productive years to serve the army, who allowed their kampong homes to be acquired by the government, etc etc, are being slowly sidelined in favor of the foreigners -- ah nehs, ah bengs, ah pinoys and others.
My SIL had the POLICE visiting her home bcos of ah neh wash. Apparently the ah neh is an overstayer. And the police track all the ah neh's HP contacts and got to her house. Luckily BIL was clever and said they were enquiring only but never engage ah neh service.
But what will happen when these ahnehs flee Singapore when they are asked to do NS?
We dont owe the ah neh a career or life here. They come in with their discriminatory practices and think the sinkies owe them these privileges.
Oh, and if you hear people  refer to "that ah neh", they could be referring to you. It's a derogatory term.
"Upsize or not?" The crew member asked, but the Ah neh still give that blur look, so the crew member decide for him.
“Aiyo! Nearly langgar leh! So scary ah! Alamak! Why you go so fast!” he is heard exclaiming to a companion in his car.
Apart from skin colour, I have nothing in common with these Caucasians. To be honest, I have very little in common with the expatriates who live in Singapore either. For a start, most of the ang mohs that live here, particularly the ones from Britain, tend to come from the upper-middle classes.
Zhen decided he liked Robert, although the Englishman smiled too much. Perhaps this was the ang mo way. In China, if a man smiled too much he was considered effeminate, but Zhen noticed that Baba Tan was completely at ease with them and laughed and smiled more in their company than when he was with the Chinese.
Suyin recognized him immediately—the tall, uncomfortable-looking white man, the ang moh standing guard by the only unoccupied table in the cafe.
[H]e attracted the attention of a food vendor and pointed at a pot consisting of different cuts of meat stewed in a dark soy sauce broth, served with flat rice noodles on the side. The food vendors, or hawkers, smiled at each other beatifically while ladling out the hot soup and meat in a bowl. They were probably thinking something on the lines of, "The stupid angmoh doesn't know what he is about to eat!" Angmoh, literally meaning "red hair," is the Hokkien Chinese collective term for Caucasians.
With my kind of career and background, I have the best of both worlds. You can't tell me I'm that ang moh  who doesn't understand. I'm the Asian who's been through the same challenges, and I would show you how to overcome them.
"Ang moh"  is still used today with an implicit sense of the cultural power ang mohs wield in postcolonial Singapore, whether we admit it anot.
Eh butok lah! Which bastard paotoh to teacher that I carry handphone to school? Now kena confiscate!
I saw Gary looking at his textbook during the test. Wanna bao toh him?
Don't pao toh  me hor!
Hey! Don’t bao toh me leh!
to blur a photograph by moving the camera while taking it
to blur a manuscript by handling it while damp
Her eyes are blurred with the lightning's glare.
Sarcasms may eclipse thine own, / But cannot blur my lost renown.
Then give this box focus to blur the first one:  […]
These form elements need to have an onFocus event handler to blur the current focus.
Blurring one window and focusing on another window yields the same result of sending the window to the back of the pile.
A manual way to blur a text object is to press the Tab key, which advances focus to the next field in order and removes it from the current field .
Maccario, it was evident, did not care to take the risk of blundering upon a picket, and a man led them by twisting paths until at last the hacienda rose blackly before them. Appleby could see it dimly, a blur of shadowy buildings with the ridge of roof parapet alone cutting hard and sharp against the clearing sky.
The fightback when it came was in the [Roger] Federer fashion: unfussy, filled with classy strokes from the back with perfectly timed interventions at the net that confounded his opponent. The third set passed in a bit of a blur, the fourth, which led to the second tie-break, was the most dramatic of the match.
Lest she  […]  will with her railing set a great blur on mine honesty and good name.
In Singapore, there is no choice being one of the world’s twenty smallest countries. Boh pien ah.
Eh, if cannot finish the work then bo bian must stay back
I have been sleep deprived for the past few days, and a friend who knows about it just sent me an online message: “Notti  ah…still don’t sleep.” My reply, “Bobian , I’m a workaholic…”
He already paid for my ticket so even if I was busy, boh pien, I would have to go.
Wa Lao William Tan, Why you Bo Jio Me to eat Domino’s Pizza?
When we asked you for your favourite Singlish Slang, alamak, all the kiasu people rushed to share their favourites! Some won prizes. That could have been you. We hope next time you wouldn’t paiseh and join in the fun. Don’t say we bojio hor.
Don’t say we bo jio you to use JIO.
Why got free barbecue 'bo jio'?
This boy damn act cute, I buay tank.
Sorry I really buay tank my eyes are closing, head spinning I need to sleep haha.
Lonely mudpie for lonely people. Going to watch Ah Boys to Men at 6:05pm. Really buay tank the loneliness here.
Oh well, cheers to a better day ahead. I’m freezing now. I buay tank, I need to go hide in my blanket now.
Singapore’s star awards – the most shameless show. Buay tank how they shamelessly give awards to themselves for being the best. Please. If you are the only one running in the race, and you get champion, may I know what’s there to be happy about?
Being someone who doesn't understand Hokkien, I catch no ball as to what you say :-).
From the way he described population trend, he may well be right. He mentioned something about expo something function. Boy, we all catch no balls.
Ah! I see the problem. Fearless is only semi-literate. In which case, I can understand why he catch no ball. I guess we must ALL show patience to the slow-witted.
"Infini... what? Sorry, I catch no ball. Again, please.""Infinitessimal - small, small winnings, Chin," said Clarence...
"The sense of meaning halal should debated on either symbolic reminder of hygiene also define the level of hygiene to the level of a stomach ache or death that is what make sense!"Huh? What kind of English is this? Catch no ball....LOL.
THE ‘CATCH NO BALL BUT WILL KEEP TRYING’ AWARD INCEPTION Only the incomparable Christopher Nolan, after reviving the superhero genre, could have had the cojones to convince a tightfisted big movie studio to greenlight a movie as ridiculously convoluted and richly layered as this.
"And now you cry...go lah...sleep with that old man...for what? Nothing! Totally liak Bo Kiu!...catch no balls!" Meaning her action was incomprehensible.
Catch no ball of what you're talking and saying in your content.  Talking and saying, and writing are different ways of expressions.  They are not the same.
I chao keng. I idle. What is pride?
That said, going back for reservist training would without a doubt be a pain — digging up all your old gear, your uniform and your dusty field pack once a year is enough to make you wish you chao kenged during your NSF days.
I couldn't actually bring myself to chao keng, but though it was only 4 km, that march was one of the tougher evolutions we've done.
I would argue that those who 'slack' or 'chao keng' are probably more a threat to our national security than a defaulter who has postponed his NS, but done well while in NS.
I'm willing to bet all of us have tried to chao keng our way out of work sometime in the past, myself included.
For the longest time, there’s existed the rampant problem of soldiers malingering, or more colloquially “chao keng”, to excuse themselves from training. This has led to the deep-seated mistrust of soldiers who report sick or declare themselves unfit.
You might consider it too cheem and arty farty but just pick up any journal on cultural studies and you'll find more cheem and arty farty stuff in them
Postmodernist discourse is *not* cheem.
You know what’s cheem? Our CPF is cheem.
Scoot from just $8? Chiong Ah ! From 11 to 13 July only, grab flights around Asia and Australia from just $8!
DON'T SAY GOT GOOD NEWS BO JIO! Aussie dollar sibeh low now, chiong ah!!!!!
If the general view is declining Coe price because supply increasing steadily, then why chiong to showroom now?
Semesteral project still currently ‘gone case’, and I am so prepared to get hell from the teacher tomorrow..so, I’m already in hell…CHIONG AH!!!
These few days really chiong my work like siao! Cos i'm one kind; if i can't finish my work, i won't be able to sleep well at night, no matter is what kind of work. Just as long as it's something i should complete, i must complete.
Break time! Blocks Encouragement Post #4’ [post on school’s webpage]: Hwa Chong, Hwa Chong, Chiong ah, Chiong ah! Our block tests will be starting in 3 days! For those of you who have not been spending much time on studying, IT’S TIME TO START.
Can recommend places go chiong/clubbing?
Today Friday, my bookout day; Sushi, Or-Luah then buffet; After that go chiong all night; When I wake up my wallet damn light-ah; Aiyo Aiyo Ai-ai-yo-ah.
Where are you going to chiong tonight?
Defcon's fastest chiongster is out!!!
Regular partygoers are often referred to as “chiongsters”.
You can be sure that all of that above will have been done by a chiongster.
We should have a Chiongsters section in HWZ where Chiongsters can chit chat about their favorite places and person.
The locals like to say 'someone choot pattern' meaning to say someone is being difficult.
Actually, the term seems more Hokkien that Singlish - "chut pattern, liao".
Many boyfriends going to chut pattern tonight!
A fulfilling relationship is a wondrous thing to have but it does take effort to maintain and that entails the occasional chut pattern.
If we really want to talk about people or organisations that chut pattern, one cannot leave The New Paper out.
“IF DR CHEE SAYS HE IS SECOND WHEN IT COMES TO ‘CHU PATTERN’, NO ONE ELSE WOULD DARE TO CLAIM FIRST.”
When we say a person ‘chut pattern’, it talks about someone full of antics.
These include announcements on, say, duty-free sales: "Later we'll also be coming around for duty free. If you haven't buy from the airport yet, then you can buy from us lah. All same price, confirm plus chop".
5 basic bro-type handphone addicts you can confirm plus chop find in S'pore
Moreover, they don't go for lunch but "Da Bao" and keep working during lunch break.
xiaoyang: though one thing - can we move the place to bedok instead? all the famous hawker food in katong kind of close at night, but bedok block 85 bak chor mee + sambal stingray + orh luah + aboling only open at night. anyone strongly objects to that? Joseph Heng: tapao something for me?
This isn't meant to shame people, just to kind of remind them  that sometimes, little things like take-aways from the canteen aren't always necessary, and that by not da-baoing for a change, we can make a positive contribution to the environment .
You impudent muppet, diu lay! You may be able to hoodwink people over in the UK, but not those of us over here.
Btw, finally saw fat fat here....wahahaha. Diu nei, plane last time.
But I'm like Diu lei sit your ass back down.
Diu Lei, koki, can you don't send food link before bed time?
“操你老妈啊 !” I shouted in Cantonese.
“Yes! Hantu! Ghots! Mangroves and snakes! Mong! Stupid! Diu lei loh mo! F ... your mother! That is why it has been chosen; and the name Hantu helps keep people away. Probably like you they fear the devil,” said Ah Cheong, hurling more expletives at his underling before returning back to the house.
“Diu lei chau hai ge mo, fuck your smelly mother's cunt,” Spencer said under his breath and belted the bloody skull with his foot, sending splatters of tissue and bone flying around the room.
He skips 500 times a day and runs three kilometers a day to chase away his fatty bom bom blues.
“My family and friends were quite upset for me when they read it, but I don’t take it seriously,” said the 79kg heavyweight, who told us there were worse disparages like a “Go Home, Fatty Bom Bom” message posted on the Talentime forum.
I remember, too, a ditty: "Fatty, fatty bom bom, curi curi jagung; mata-mata tangkap, masuk dalam lokap" (the fat one steals the corn, gets arrested by police and is thrown into the lock-up.
I particularly liked: Fatty bom bom, meaning a fat bottomed person.
Soon, there were all sorts of derivatives - fatty, fatso, fatty bom bom, Trim and Fit club  - so much so that by the time someone reaches adulthood, the term had become a source of deep emotional pain.
“Fatty bom bom” refers to an Ah Pui; “bom bom”, as the sound a heavy, wobbling body makes, dramatizes fatness.
Who like army. No freedom and NCOs always shout. They have loud voices. They shout only we gabra .
In the sports field, the nervous little boy who is drafted into the squad to make up a full team gets all “gabra”  when he receives the ball and “cocks up” the match resulting in his team’s defeat.
Just poke fun only you gabra.... how to survive like that?
Without doubt, gahmen must medically  subsidise the lowest 10% of the population.
Physics test today was out of the world…Honestly I think I’m going to fail big time…I didn’t know I had to study statics! What’s the point in testing LAST year’s work? Like wtf lawl…So i think I flung that section…GG liao lor…
Liverpool GG liao la. Steven Jialat hamstring problem. Dirk Kuyt ankle problem. take west ham win this saturday.
GG liao.. I can't get in to my account liao ... Keep say someone inside...
Gg liao moi go Malaysia forgot to off my data roaming Den i check singtel app saying 1mb data roaming = $25.
wah lau, you damn 'gian peng'.singtel give free, you want to sell.
For the benefit of those who do not understand the Hokien dialect, "Gian Png" literally means "hungry for rice" or if I may, "needs more money to survive".
The author is a very Gian Peng person always eyeing for promotions, freebies, etc.
If you not so gian peng, you no need to wait the 15 minutes... See that auntie / uncle use lame excuse to say like they die die must wait 15 minutes….
Hence, its ill-repute of shoddiness and unreliability, as one is criticised for “half-past six work” or and organisation being labelled as a “half-past six company.”
Lately there has been a lot of talk by politicans about our being a “half-past-six” nation.
Nah...for such shoddy half past six work...i will stick to my own camera, Tey or Snap-Attack.com!
A RESPECTABLE statesman once said if a country surrenders its sovereignty, it may become a half-past-six country.
Whatever Mahathir's shortcomings were, he cannot be accused of being a half-past six leader. The problem with Pak Lah […] is that all the kings’ horses and all the kings’ men cannot prove that he is not one.
At best, it was just so-so – nothing like what we would cook for ourselves at home. It was not “hiam” enough probably from the lack of ginger or ginger juice and there was insufficient wine.
- It's ten o'clock already.
- Is it?
- I'm feeling tired.
- Is it?
Thou shalt not express your shock at the fact that Sharon got off with Brad at the club last night by saying "is it?"
A jakun tourist’s worst nightmare…is an idiot who simply cannot see that people want to take photographs & simply stands right in front of the object jakun tourists want to photograph, & lingers around it.
Yes, it was one of the many jakun moments I had while in Singapore.
And it’s popular foods in Korean culture that apparently so many of our readers are familiar with it all! But of course, we all jakun lah LOL.
Sorry so jakun, need to post a picture of my Uber because it looks like a Bentley.
I was so jakun with the pen thingy and this happened hehe I feel like a kid.
wah lao...... jialat ahhhh you.
None of the economists polled expect the economy to contract - be it a technical recession or a real recession - and hit the alamak and jialat ranges.
According to his doctors, every minute he had remained unconscious would have added to his life being in danger. "If it were 10 minutes... jialat !" he said.
Hey hey two different matters okay? Our SM already paid so why you so kaypoh?
“My elder sister and mother don’t like me doing this. They would scold me and say I’m kaypoh.
The slightest noise eg. me opening an envelope, will have him running up to investigate, being very kaypoh  by nature.
Synonym: nosy
To get problems rectified, Lim who admits to being a “kaypoh” , would hassle the relevant authorities.
I thought through every angle, then Jesus decides to kaypoh and mess everything up.
Don't kaypoh so much. Locked door, not allowed to go inside, means don't go—understand?
Puay Sim interrupted, clacking her chopsticks decisively over a slice of fried fish. “If you don't know them, don't kaypoh, Mum.
Teacher mark your paper also kee siao. [1]
"He's a kee siao guy," Ridhuan said. [2]
that's why many getting kee siao...[3]
“Wah piang! I’m shocked, are these Japanese kee siao or what?” said Mrs Elaine Ong, a mother of two from Sungei Kadut.
He kena fine of $10.
My job application kena rejected.
Why are you so kiasi? You won't die from getting a small cut on the finger.
If everyone dares to bungee jump, why can't you do the same? Are you kiasi or what?
The kia-si/kia-su  attitude of the Totalisator Boards in Malaysia and Singapore is deplorable.
When you are anxious to make the right travel arrangements, you sometimes cannot help but be inquisitive. For those in the travel business, these whines should be a common affair. But when does being "inquisitive" translate into "irritating", or "anxious" into "kiasi"  […]
Do not be alarmed if you have received this yellow cylinder which looks like a stick of dynamite and even had the word "explosive" on it. Last week, one "kiasi" fellow was so alarmed that he called the police  […]
No lubang, so teruk. Kiasu cannot lose, / Kiasi cannot die; machiam machiam words / We also try. Proper English? So lecheh, / So correct, so actsy for what?  […]
Too often you hear about Singaporeans with the "K syndrome", meaning kiasu , kiasi , kiabor .
Apart from the kiasis and kiasus, there are also Singaporeans at the other end of the scale – the healthcare workers who put their lives at risk.
The kiasi  who insist on seeing a doctor for the most minor complaint such as "my baby sneezed this morning leh".
No wonder the parents acted that way, she said. They were just being kia-su .
The kia-si/kia-su  attitude of the Totalisator Boards in Malaysia and Singapore is deplorable.
We often see a bus with commuters practically spilling out of the front door and crowding at the exit door. But beyond that, a vacuum prevails, says a reader. The kia-su attitude is the reason for this, says the reader, and most of the culprits are students from secondary schools and junior colleges.
The story now going around is that the distributors of Suzuki cars will take over the failed distributorship of Korea's Kia cars. According to one wag, the new distributorship could call itself "Kia-Su Motors". For the uninitiated, kiasu means "afraid to lose" in the Hokkien dialect.
No lubang, so teruk. Kiasu cannot lose, / Kiasi cannot die; machiam machiam words / We also try. Proper English? So lecheh, / So correct, so actsy for what?  […]
Too often you hear about Singaporeans with the "K syndrome", meaning kiasu , kiasi , kiabor .  […]  So, Singaporeans, don't conform to what society labels you to be. Be kiasu in making a difference!
Shell's FuelSave saw Singaporeans' kiasu spirit come to the fore. I noted that most vehicles in the queue had their engines in idle and air-conditioners on, hence releasing air pollutants.
Apart from the kiasis and kiasus, there are also Singaporeans at the other end of the scale – the healthcare workers who put their lives at risk.
Whenever I meet Meng Seng, he is always trying to sell me his koyok and recruit me into his Party.
“I'm here to sell my koyok,” laughed Olivia Lum as she took to the stage and began her presentation on Hyflux Limited, it turned out that the koyok was not some sales pitch trying to sell ice to Eskimos.
This is the reason why I get so uptight, so aggressive when someone comes along, talks very well, but sells koyok and puts our country in danger.
I noticed standards here are super duper laoya.
I tried their sample cleanser, my face was popping pimples like mad and their nail polish, so laoya! So I thought their products very lousy...
My Hokkien definitely cannot make it. Very laoya. Haha!
Her eyes flashed defiantly, then moisted over as she sobbed, “Men are really very suay. My laoya husband has sold away our precious child!”
My school closed down already. My wife's school also sibei laoya one. Sigh.
At first, I thought is my laoya computer got problem because I keep getting disconnected or server error messages since Friday.
Well I made noise with ANZ corporate and two managers replied saying sorry, they don't have the information and will get back to me again. Gee, so lau yah man ANZ!
really laugh die me! Coma patient wakes up to turn off YPAP video playing on smartphone
Laugh die me @CGTNOfficial
"Doctor" laugh die me
It's not that becoz their servers are lauyah, it's becoz some TMnet staffs maintain some "kind" of attitude that makes the customers mad.
I think we should rally behind PM [the Prime Minister] for the sake of national unity. Without national unity, there will be more single mothers, abandoned babies, people lepaking  …
We do things together and we lepak together quite a bit .
The study's operational definition was that "a teenager lepaks if he gathers and remains in a public place without any special purpose other than chattering or laughing."
"What do you think will happen?" a reporter asked a beautiful girl lepaking and smoking outside the Starbucks in Bukit Bintang Plaza. "Oh, at the bewitching midnight hour, everything will be back to normal. The office workers at Sri Hartamas will be back to their humdrum 9 to 5 jobs, no doubt bitching and wishing they were elsewhere."
Cafes mushroomed everywhere in KL's [Kuala Lumpur's] trendiest spots, and big names such as Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf and Starbucks made their presence felt. With these cafes, KLites often lepaked  way into the wee hours and now it has become a part of our pop culture.
Cannot imagine sia. In Singapore, you strike, you lose your job. But ya, the postal service stopped liao. Cannot agree, buay song, so liddat lor. No postal service for now. Also dunno how long some more. So pek chek.
Limpeh always see those AH BENGS drive the CiBIC SiR  around with their big spoiler and so many uglweee stickers.
Lim peh tell you something – dis year mindef kaciau lim peh, disrupt lim peh eh work flow, now still owing lim peh some marney due to some technicality.
Yes, you are very right, you are very sharp! Limpeh like your idea!
Lim peh ask you last time study hard become scorer, win scorer ship go Harvoc University, you nebber lisen.
Limpeh is honoured that my blog has been recently featured by the king of all Singaporean bloggers – Mr Brown.
Welcome to economics 101 with Limpeh. Allow me to break down the concept of round-tripping to you in the most simple way in my kitchen.
Come over to limpeh, come over to limpeh. Do you understand what limpeh is saying? If yes say yes, if no say no. Don’t tell limpeh "yes no yes no".
Kiasi cannot die; machiam machiam words
Chennai  Photo: machiam our local pasar malam…
Machiam rojak! Very messy but taste shiok right?
Wah machiam movie star leh. . So handsome!
Machiam hipster like that.
No doubt a mampus of volk of our own rank will be down here in their carriages as soon as 'tis known.
"Oh, my wife is such a shrew. No wonder I can't stay with her!" Mampus, you're finished!
Luckily, there were not in US dollars. If they were, mampus.
Advertlets? 2 months still haven’t received?!?!?! OMG. I just cashed out mine like last week. MAMPUS. Like this December then get?
Don't be [surprise] if I am using "Sure mampus", [s]o lembap or etc in this blog..
“Mampus! The recipe was in my family for seven generations! Now my unborn grandchildren will never get to enjoy this sedap dish with their multi-racial friends.”
“Mampus lah. How can immature females be allowed to choose their own life partner?”
Yati feels she is lucky to get - and hold - a factory job, though it has earned her the title of "Minah Karan".
Among the ah bengs and ah lians, the mats and the minahs, the young expats and the backpackers, he stood out like a dozen guys on a male-only dance floor singing Dancing Queen .
“People thought I was a minah and that I would not make it but I did,” she says, using the colloquial term to describe rowdy Malay girls without drive or ambition.
Hirzi said of their significance: “People watched the Minahs for entertainment, but there was also a lot  to the videos... When we were vulnerable, the characters, especially the Minahs, picked us up.”
Did you paint this your ownself?
In Hokkien it is of course to pa chew cheng or to fire the handgun and in psycho young bates is of course to master-bate, a deliberate choice of name.
Guys....try not to pa chew cheng too much ok....
For some reason, I was wondering the other day what the female equivalent of pah chiu cheng  was.
In Singapore, justice is like call girl, got money got justice, no money no justice, use plenty sarboon  to pak chew cheng.
M'sian man pah chiu cheng, PCC, into a hotel female's staff water bottle.
Someone just told me it's to pak chiu cheng, meaning 'to masturbate'.
He adds that he goes there with his children once every two months. "A lot of memories. First time I paktor  with my wife was there."
Some youngsters paktor with girlfriends also stroll slowly across the roads.
When Miss Doris Low and Mr Bobby Chua were 'paktor-ing'  they ate at the carpark stalls at least twice a week.
Spending time with the family will always be important. We want to paktor  too.
My wife joins me whenever I train, so it's our time to paktor .
That shares the spotlight with Lautner, who plays Cam, a bicycle courier looking to "paktor"  with parkour hottie Nikki .
Paktology: the name of the dating game, from “pak tor”  to “go steady, smooch and whatever turns you on”. [1]
I welcome you to be my Paktology coursemate via email [2]
Years of research in the scientific field of 'paktohlogy' have shown that horror movies are the best to watch on a date. [3]
So “paktorlogy” is the science of courtship – simple, right? [4]
Wau lau, damn shy man, Ah Lian on her wedding day kena pang seh by her husband.
Again pang seh after I buy tickets to movie. I never ask her to come again.
Don’t you hate people who pang seh last minute? Like you’ve got everything planned out, plan to have good time, lookin forward then suddenly boom, everyone pang seh last min….
Then in the end, he everytime pang seh me and disappear during working hours. In the end, I have to clear a lot of work for him instead.
They had made a pact to attend Raffles Junior College together and while my nephew obliged for a while, he made an early exit and left Julian feeling that he had been “pang seh-ed”  by his best friend.
Friends don't pang seh friends! Period. And we know just how to make sure your gatherings happens…Watch this space.
Gimme two laksa, one milo peng!
Mamak, give me a "capati", extra large, bawang banyak-banyak; one ice kacang, two milo peng, tiga teh tarik...
*sputters kopi peng across monitor screen*
I make various types of hot and cold drinks but the most popular is my kopi peng.
Synonyms: fit, hot
Spread your chick like a centrefold / 'Cause she's penger than a scented rose.
I link for the peng, then I go link for the mud / I just stepped on the ends, sideman don't give me no spud
It caught me off guard because it was hench. My mind was like, ‘right, this burger’s hench’. I looked at it, right, ‘that look peng’, and it hit me two thirds of the way in, I clocked that the burger was not peng at all, it was just hench.
Out shopping, child to parent. “Daddy I want this, daddy I want that.” Daddy, “Daddy pok kai awreddy, ask your mummy.”
Today I went to Swensen's for dinner, even when I'm totally pok-gai.
After buying my girlfriend her branded bag, I’m officially pok kai, please don’t ask me to go shopping or clubbing with you.
[…] the employer of the unfortunate maid that was forced to makan sai are indonesians.
It is Chek Lap Kok ho lang. You should makan sai. Are you an Orang Laut trying to speak Chinese?
go and take your morning shower and wash your arse with water and soap after pang sai
What else, you tell me, can make a group of young men from various backgrounds, educational levels and races doing their National Service  and communicating on a sama-sama wavelength?
Then all the apologists come and try defend this tai-tai. Come on la. They are all sama-sama elitist.
If I do, I just call my brudders activate 3 Bangla, hide in 3 different cars of sama-sama brand and then tip off ICA.
Well, “dun dun dun dun” and “kua kua” are sama-sama because “kua kua” also at once casts real life as a movie.
I pass thru this gantry at ecp without cashcard. why do i kena saman till $70?
Technically parking outside the lot is illegal parking, doesn't matter if you put a coupon. The patrolling wardens can't saman you but parking in washing bay and bike lots are very easy targets for residents to complain about. Because of that no escape from getting saman after a quick call to the hotline.
Not just 'saman' kings: Kind parking warden helps old woman alight from taxi.
I did not know that a permit was needed to set a tent. So this nparks people came and check and issued me a saman of $300!
“When the parking warden comes around, they shout: “Saman! Saman!” and drivers rush to their cars.”
When SG50 Saman Rider is on duty, no law breaker will get away!
As long as she is happy, I will support her or should I say SARPORK!!
They quite poor ting what. If can sarpork, sarpork lor…If can give, give.
Dont sarpork fake ramen shop in sg like ramen-ten, ramenplay, ken noodle house, also ippudo, ajisen, tampopo are still ok but getting more and more china-fied.
Pls sarpork Singapore Children's Society Fundraising!
Only one day left. Can one la! I shall mentally sarpork you! Hehe!
Someone who thinks he/she has a sense of humour. Yes, we sarpork you too.
Even if they don't win the champion, I'll still sarpork and love them!!!
Should we sarpork such a person and vote him into Parliament?
Wa chio bu alert must sarpork!
I never watch long long time ago but my Tutee is acting in LLTA2 and his mum just asked me to go for the GALA tmr to sarpork him.
He very sayang me
Use condom? Then not shiok lah.
Ecstasy? Delicious? Pleasurable? How about just Shiok.
Most of those who sing these songs are too drunk to be stopped. Sia suay  only.
Later so sia suay lah
GUys, cannot break up like this SO SIA SUAY!
Xiaxue not so 'sia suay' after all?
Kenna hantam until nothing to say in the old thread then start a new one to get ppl oin your side without your old posts to sia suay you.
Sending such ugly women to international pageants will "sia suay" Singaporeans.
In other words, I think what Mr Ha means is that Xiaxue had “sia suay” their industry.
u dun understand english sibo?
Ka ni na, ask stupid question sibo?
You are factoring in the interest sibo?
Grin until mouth crooked sibo?
Ordering a cup of Kopi C Siew Dai  makes you feel very Singaporean.
But nothing beats that cup of kopi-o siu dai from the nearby kopitiam uncle who knows you best.
“I like coffee better.” He smiled. “Kopi-O siew dai.
Before he opens it, he asks what I would like to drink, then shouts out to a woman stirring a cup of Milo vigorously: “One kopi peng siew dai, and one teh si for me.”
It is about 2,500 yards in circuit, is built of red stone, and, according to Von Orlich, is now " a bastioned quinquangle ; the ancient walls with semicircular bastions face the two streams ; the land side is quite regular, and consists of two bastions, and a half-bastion with three ravelins," and stands higher than any ground in face of it.
The solitary, lumbering trolls of Scandinavian mythology would sometimes be turned to stone by exposure to sunlight. Barack Obama is hoping that several measures announced on June 4th will have a similarly paralysing effect on their modern incarnation, the patent troll.
inestimable stones, unvalued jewels
Seven pounds make a clove, 2 cloves a stone, 2 stone a tod, 6 1/2 tods a wey, 2 weys a sack, 12 sacks a last. [...] It is to be observed here that a sack is 13 tods, and a tod 28 pounds, so that the sack is 364 pounds.
Generally, however, the stone or petra, almost always of 14 lbs., is used, the tod of 28 lbs., and the sack of thirteen stones.
a peach stone
kidney stone
stone colour:
Should some relenting eye / Glance on the stone where our cold relics lie.
Seems to me that when I die these words will be written on my stone
Lend me a looking-glass; / If that her breath will mist or stain the stone, / Why, then she lives.
To make Capons  […]  [S]ome for this Purpoſe make it their Buſineſs after Harveſt-time to go to Markets for buying up Chickens, and between Michaelmas and All-hollantide caponize the Cocks, when they have got large enough to have Stones of ſuch a Bigneſs that they may be pulled out; for if they are too little, it can't be done;  […]  [M]aking a Cut here big enough to put her Finger in, which ſhe thruſts under the Guts, and with it rakes or tears out the Stone that lies neareſt to it. This done, ſhe performs the very ſame Operation on the other Side of the Cock's Body, and there takes out the other Stone; then ſhe ſtitches up the Wounds, and lets the Fowl go about as at other Times, till the Capon is fatted in a Coup, which is commonly done from Chriſtmas to Candlemas, and after.
She got stoned to death after they found her.
[…]  and since it was a rule of the French troops not to be a burden on the people along their route it could be that the advance guard dug and stoned the well for the troop's own special use.
I was stoning the whole of today.
Resume writing class lesson 2, stoning.
The Marina Barrage is a reservoir, but everyone goes there because the spacious greenery at the top is the perfect place for stoning, which is Singlish for hanging out and chilling.
stone walls
Synonym: stonen
stone pot
She is one stone fox.
Yeah, he's a stone fuck–up. But he's stand–up, too, don't forget that.
If travel was this difficult, it was going to make escaping a stone bitch.
“And I got the best metal man in the business going for me, too.” “This job's going to be a stone motherfucker,” Flacco said
The man who had broken up their little party was a stone gangsta.
Back then most men would have described you as being a stone babe.
Her widower father married my stone bitch of a mother when I was about fourteen.
“Well, Bradley Wreede told Moiré George who told Julia Nickols who told Katie Kimber who told that big stone dude who told...."
He might be a stone killer who simply doesn't care if his victim's alive or dead at the time of disfigurement.
stone butch; stone femme
Antonym: pillow princess
My father is stone deaf. This soup is stone cold.
I went stone crazy after she left.
I said the medication made my vision temporarily blurry, it did not make me stone blind.
The Stylistics performed a love song titled "I'm Stone in Love with You".
The suaku  sports a beer belly, fake brand-name apparel and oil-slick hair.
Ah Lian are not simply lowly educated, they also have supposedly 'pre-modern' or sua-ku  modes of behaviour.
You  want to seem like you've actually read all 3 books, but — damn suay — even The New Paper is too 'cheem' for you. Neh'mine!
"Wah lau! You tekan him, ah?  But he bigger than you, man!"
We have also been through training and we all kena tekan , but even if we were ill-treated, we didn’t know that we were being ill-treated
When Hamdan joined their cell, Iryan told him the 1.6m-tall victim was someone they could tekan .
It will expose us to different ways of thought … like waking up at 4am and being tekan.
He tio virus
She tio money
She play lottery and tio
I tio banned
You can drive tio bo?
If you go out then can I tumpang some letters to be mailed from post box?
May I tumpang my furniture on your lorry?
Let’s just buy bags for men and get the girls to tompang all their stuff in there.
While you were probably doing someone a favour then, you can now make some money when you help to 'tompang'.
Eh, my wife took my car today. Can I tumpang your car to work?
If you need a short ride within the neighbourhood, just tumpang la.
Party chief Low Thia Khiang said that, while they support the name change to honour Encik Yusof, "we cannot square with the change that are being 'tompang'  with the name change."
"Wah lau! You tekan him, ah?  But he bigger than you, man!"
There are two wats near this village.
Angkor Wat
Having at last got past the crowd of boats, we advanced rapidly for two hours more, when we stopped at a wat, in order to give the men a rest.
Aside from its religious function in the community, the wat also performs a large variety of social functions.
It would be a mistake, however, to emphasize the Hindu element in Cambodian Buddhism and Cambodian temples. At its greatest it is always a subordinate element and in most of the wats or temples it hardly appears at all,  […]
It is often possible to discern the motivation or importance of a wat by examining its name
The ubosoth is in a small enclosure just before the main entrance to the wat, on the right, which has fine gilded doors. The wat has a small museum.
The gym is across from … what? — The gym is across from the lounge. — Across from the lounge. Right. Thanks!
Audio 
Audio 
He knows what he wants.
What goes up must come down.
Keep up with what your friends are doing.
That’s her; that’s the thing what has stole his heart from me.
I will do what I can to help you.
What with singing and joking, the time passed quickly.
The market will calculate these higher risks in their funding costs what might result in higher lending rates.
This leads to an uncertain situation for creditors what would negatively affect the willingness to provide credit.
What a pity.
What a beautiful day!
What should I tell the answer of the knight?
But what do I stand reckoning upon advantages and gains lost by the misrule and turbulency of the prelates?
And as for on C good knyghtes I haue my self / but I fawte / l / for so many haue ben slayne in my dayes / and so Ladegreans delyuerd his doughter Gweneuer vnto Merlyn / and the table round with the C knyghtes / and so they rode fresshly with grete royalte / what by water and what by land / tyl that they came nyghe vnto london
What, have his daughters brought him to this pass?
What! That’s amazing.
What? I'm busy.
Chuffy: WHAT? No, no, no, no, no. My casa is your casa, what?
It’s a nice day, what?
What a nice car.
What destruction that tornado brought!
What shirt are you going to wear?
What time is it?
What kind of car is that?
What talent he has!
What a talent!
Write down what things come into your mind.
They prayd him sit, and gave him for to feed / Such homely what as serves the simple clowne, / That doth despise the dainties of the towne […]
The emphasis on the interplay between the hows and whats of interpretive practice is paramount.
Regina: What are you?
Rumplestiltskin: What? What? What? My, my, what a rude question! I am not a what.
He that walketh in the darke, wotteth not whither he goeth.
Take heed to false harlots, and more, ye wot what. / If noise ye heare, / Looke all be cleare: / Least drabs doe noie thee, / And theeues destroie thee.
She little wots, poor Lady Anne! Her wedded lord is dead.
They wot not who make thither  […]
Then he cast his eyes on the road that entered the Market-stead from the north, and he saw thereon many men gathered; and he wotted not what they were  […]
Then, wot with undertakers, and wot with parish clerks, and wot with sextons, and wot with private watchmen , a man wouldn't get much by it, even if it was so.
Wot, no bananas? 
They didn’t think my mum could take over, much less me, whom they referred to as Ang Yew Seng’s zha bor kia .
Bro, you see, the only thing common about the places you mentioned, all have Zha Bos, this is the entertainment sustaining the us today.
And most of them call me "swee zha bo", pretty girl.
