My Hokkien definitely cannot make it. 
Very laoya. Haha!
Her eyes flashed defiantly, then moisted over as she sobbed, “Men are really very suay. 
My laoya husband has sold away our precious child!
My school closed down already. 
My wife's school also sibei laoya one. 
Sigh.
At first, I thought is my laoya computer got problem because I keep getting disconnected or server error messages since Friday.
Well I made noise with ANZ corporate and two managers replied saying sorry, they don't have the information and will get back to me again. 
Gee, so lau yah man ANZ!
really laugh die me! 
Coma patient wakes up to turn off YPAP video playing on smartphone
Laugh die me @CGTNOfficial
"Doctor" laugh die me
It's not that becoz their servers are lauyah, it's becoz some TMnet staffs maintain some "kind" of attitude that makes the customers mad.
I think we should rally behind PM for the sake of national unity. 
Without national unity, there will be more single mothers, abandoned babies, people lepaking  …
We do things together and we lepak together quite a bit .
The study's operational definition was that "a teenager lepaks if he gathers and remains in a public place without any special purpose other than chattering or laughing."
"What do you think will happen?" a reporter asked a beautiful girl lepaking and smoking outside the Starbucks in Bukit Bintang Plaza. 
"Oh, at the bewitching midnight hour, everything will be back to normal. 
The office workers at Sri Hartamas will be back to their humdrum 9 to 5 jobs, no doubt bitching and wishing they were elsewhere."
Cafes mushroomed everywhere in KL's trendiest spots, and big names such as Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf and Starbucks made their presence felt. 
With these cafes, KLites often lepaked way into the wee hours and now it has become a part of our pop culture.
Cannot imagine sia. 
In Singapore, you strike, you lose your job. 
But ya, the postal service stopped liao. 
Cannot agree, buay song, so liddat lor. 
No postal service for now. 
Also dunno how long some more. 
So pek chek.
Limpeh always see those AH BENGS drive the CiBIC SiR around with their big spoiler and so many uglweee stickers.
Lim peh tell you something – dis year mindef kaciau lim peh, disrupt lim peh eh work flow, now still owing lim peh some marney due to some technicality.
Yes, you are very right, you are very sharp! 
Limpeh like your idea!
Lim peh ask you last time study hard become scorer, win scorer ship go Harvoc University, you nebber lisen.
Limpeh is honoured that my blog has been recently featured by the king of all Singaporean bloggers – Mr Brown.
Welcome to economics 101 with Limpeh. 
Allow me to break down the concept of round-tripping to you in the most simple way in my kitchen.
Come over to limpeh, come over to limpeh. 
Do you understand what limpeh is saying? 
If yes say yes, if no say no. 
Don’t tell limpeh "yes no yes no".
Kiasi cannot die; machiam machiam words
Chennai  Photo: machiam our local pasar malam…
Machiam rojak! 
Very messy but taste shiok right?
Wah machiam movie star leh. . 
So handsome!
Machiam hipster like that.
No doubt a mampus of volk of our own rank will be down here in their carriages as soon as 'tis known.
"Oh, my wife is such a shrew. 
No wonder I can't stay with her!" 
Mampus, you're finished!
Luckily, there were not in US dollars. 
If they were, mampus.
Advertlets? 
2 months still haven’t received?!?!?! 
OMG. 
I just cashed out mine like last week.
Like this December then get?
Don't be [surprise] if I am using "Sure mampus", [s]o lembap or etc in this blog..
Mampus! 
The recipe was in my family for seven generations! 
Now my unborn grandchildren will never get to enjoy this sedap dish with their multi-racial friends.”
“Mampus lah. 
How can immature females be allowed to choose their own life partner?”
Yati feels she is lucky to get - and hold - a factory job, though it has earned her the title of "Minah Karan".
Among the ah bengs and ah lians, the mats and the minahs, the young expats and the backpackers, he stood out like a dozen guys on a male-only dance floor singing Dancing Queen .
“People thought I was a minah and that I would not make it but I did,” she says, using the colloquial term to describe rowdy Malay girls without drive or ambition.
#Hirzi said of their significance: “People watched the Minahs for entertainment, but there was also a lot  to the videos... When we were vulnerable, the characters, especially the Minahs, picked us up.”
Hirzi said of their significance: “People watched the Minahs for entertainment, but there was also a lot  to the videos... 
When we were vulnerable, the characters, especially the Minahs, picked us up.”
Did you paint this your ownself?
In Hokkien it is of course to pa chew cheng or to fire the handgun and in psycho young bates is of course to master-bate, a deliberate choice of name.
Guys....try not to pa chew cheng too much ok....
For some reason, I was wondering the other day what the female equivalent of pah chiu cheng  was.
In Singapore, justice is like call girl, got money got justice, no money no justice, use plenty sarboon  to pak chew cheng.
M'sian man pah chiu cheng, PCC, into a hotel female's staff water bottle.
Someone just told me it's to pak chiu cheng, meaning 'to masturbate'.
He adds that he goes there with his children once every two months. 
"A lot of memories. 
First time I paktor with my wife was there."
Some youngsters paktor with girlfriends also stroll slowly across the roads.
When Miss Doris Low and Mr Bobby Chua were 'paktor-ing' they ate at the carpark stalls at least twice a week.
Spending time with the family will always be important. 
We want to paktor  too.
My wife joins me whenever I train, so it's our time to paktor .
That shares the spotlight with Lautner, who plays Cam, a bicycle courier looking to "paktor"  with parkour hottie Nikki .
Paktology: the name of the dating game, from “pak tor”  to “go steady, smooch and whatever turns you on”. 
I welcome you to be my Paktology coursemate via email
Years of research in the scientific field of 'paktohlogy' have shown that horror movies are the best to watch on a date.
So “paktorlogy” is the science of courtship – simple, right?
Wau lau, damn shy man, Ah Lian on her wedding day kena pang seh by her husband.
Again pang seh after I buy tickets to movie. 
I never ask her to come again.
Don’t you hate people who pang seh last minute? 
Like you’ve got everything planned out, plan to have good time, lookin forward then suddenly boom, everyone pang seh last min….
Then in the end, he everytime pang seh me and disappear during working hours. 
In the end, I have to clear a lot of work for him instead.
They had made a pact to attend Raffles Junior College together and while my nephew obliged for a while, he made an early exit and left Julian feeling that he had been “pang seh-ed”  by his best friend.
Friends don't pang seh friends!
Period. 
And we know just how to make sure your gatherings happens…
Watch this space.
Gimme two laksa, one milo peng!
Mamak, give me a "capati", extra large, bawang banyak-banyak; one ice kacang, two milo peng, tiga teh tarik...
*sputters kopi peng across monitor screen*
I make various types of hot and cold drinks but the most popular is my kopi peng.
Spread your chick like a centrefold 
Cause she's penger than a scented rose.
I link for the peng, then I go link for the mud 
I just stepped on the ends, sideman don't give me no spud
It caught me off guard because it was hench.
My mind was like, ‘right, this burger’s hench’. 
I looked at it, right, ‘that look peng’, and it hit me two thirds of the way in, I clocked that the burger was not peng at all, it was just hench.
Daddy I want this, daddy I want that.
Daddy pok kai awreddy, ask your mummy.
Today I went to Swensen's for dinner, even when I'm totally pok-gai.
After buying my girlfriend her branded bag, I’m officially pok kai, please don’t ask me to go shopping or clubbing with you.
[…] the employer of the unfortunate maid that was forced to makan sai are indonesians.
It is Chek Lap Kok ho lang. 
You should makan sai. 
Are you an Orang Laut trying to speak Chinese?
go and take your morning shower and wash your arse with water and soap after pang sai
What else, you tell me, can make a group of young men from various backgrounds, educational levels and races doing their National Service and communicating on a sama-sama wavelength?
Then all the apologists come and try defend this tai-tai. 
Come on la. 
They are all sama-sama elitist.
If I do, I just call my brudders activate 3 Bangla, hide in 3 different cars of sama-sama brand and then tip off ICA.
Well, “dun dun dun dun” and “kua kua” are sama-sama because “kua kua” also at once casts real life as a movie.
I pass thru this gantry at ecp without cashcard. 
why do i kena saman till $70?
Technically parking outside the lot is illegal parking, doesn't matter if you put a coupon. 
The patrolling wardens can't saman you but parking in washing bay and bike lots are very easy targets for residents to complain about. 
Because of that no escape from getting saman after a quick call to the hotline.
Not just 'saman' kings: Kind parking warden helps old woman alight from taxi.
I did not know that a permit was needed to set a tent. 
So this nparks people came and check and issued me a saman of $300!
“When the parking warden comes around, they shout: “Saman! Saman!” and drivers rush to their cars.”
When SG50 Saman Rider is on duty, no law breaker will get away!
As long as she is happy, I will support her or should I say SARPORK!!
They quite poor ting what. 
If can sarpork, sarpork lor…
If can give, give.
Dont sarpork fake ramen shop in sg like ramen-ten, ramenplay, ken noodle house, also ippudo, ajisen, tampopo are still ok but getting more and more china-fied.
Pls sarpork Singapore Children's Society Fundraising!
Only one day left. 
Can one la! 
I shall mentally sarpork you! Hehe!
Someone who thinks he/she has a sense of humour. 
Yes, we sarpork you too.
Even if they don't win the champion, I'll still sarpork and love them!!!
Should we sarpork such a person and vote him into Parliament?
Wa chio bu alert must sarpork!
I never watch long long time ago but my Tutee is acting in LLTA2 and his mum just asked me to go for the GALA tmr to sarpork him.
He very sayang me
Use condom? 
Then not shiok lah.
Ecstasy? 
Delicious? 
Pleasurable? 
How about just Shiok.
Most of those who sing these songs are too drunk to be stopped. 
Sia suay only.
Later so sia suay lah
GUys, cannot break up like this SO SIA SUAY!
Xiaxue not so 'sia suay' after all?
Kenna hantam until nothing to say in the old thread then start a new one to get ppl oin your side without your old posts to sia suay you.
Sending such ugly women to international pageants will "sia suay" Singaporeans.
In other words, I think what Mr Ha means is that Xiaxue had “sia suay” their industry.
u dun understand english sibo?
Ka ni na, ask stupid question sibo?
You are factoring in the interest sibo?
Grin until mouth crooked sibo?
Ordering a cup of Kopi C Siew Dai  makes you feel very Singaporean.
But nothing beats that cup of kopi-o siu dai from the nearby kopitiam uncle who knows you best.
“I like coffee better.” 
He smiled. 
Kopi-O siew dai.
Before he opens it, he asks what I would like to drink, then shouts out to a woman stirring a cup of Milo vigorously: “One kopi peng siew dai, and one teh si for me.”
It is about 2,500 yards in circuit, is built of red stone, and, according to Von Orlich, is now " a bastioned quinquangle ; the ancient walls with semicircular bastions face the two streams ; the land side is quite regular, and consists of two bastions, and a half-bastion with three ravelins," and stands higher than any ground in face of it.
The solitary, lumbering trolls of Scandinavian mythology would sometimes be turned to stone by exposure to sunlight. 
Barack Obama is hoping that several measures announced on June 4th will have a similarly paralysing effect on their modern incarnation, the patent troll.
inestimable stones, unvalued jewels
a peach stone
kidney stone
stone colour:
Seems to me that when I die these words will be written on my stone
Lend me a looking-glass;
If that her breath will mist or stain the stone, Why, then she lives.
She got stoned to death after they found her.
[…]  and since it was a rule of the French troops not to be a burden on the people along their route it could be that the advance guard dug and stoned the well for the troop's own special use.
I was stoning the whole of today.
Resume writing class lesson 2, stoning.
The Marina Barrage is a reservoir, but everyone goes there because the spacious greenery at the top is the perfect place for stoning, which is Singlish for hanging out and chilling.
stone walls
stone pot
She is one stone fox.
Yeah, he's a stone fuck–up. 
But he's stand–up, too, don't forget that.
If travel was this difficult, it was going to make escaping a stone bitch.
“And I got the best metal man in the business going for me, too.” 
“This job's going to be a stone motherfucker,” Flacco said
The man who had broken up their little party was a stone gangsta.
Back then most men would have described you as being a stone babe.
Her widower father married my stone bitch of a mother when I was about fourteen.
“Well, Bradley Wreede told Moiré George who told Julia Nickols who told Katie Kimber who told that big stone dude who told...."
He might be a stone killer who simply doesn't care if his victim's alive or dead at the time of disfigurement.
My father is stone deaf. 
This soup is stone cold.
I went stone crazy after she left.
I said the medication made my vision temporarily blurry, it did not make me stone blind.
The Stylistics performed a love song titled "I'm Stone in Love with You".
The suaku sports a beer belly, fake brand-name apparel and oil-slick hair.
Ah Lian are not simply lowly educated, they also have supposedly 'pre-modern' or sua-ku  modes of behaviour.
You  want to seem like you've actually read all 3 books, but — damn suay — even The New Paper is too 'cheem' for you. Neh'mine!
"Wah lau! You tekan him, ah?  
But he bigger than you, man!"
We have also been through training and we all kena tekan , but even if we were ill-treated, we didn’t know that we were being ill-treated
When Hamdan joined their cell, Iryan told him the 1.6m-tall victim was someone they could tekan.
It will expose us to different ways of thought … like waking up at 4am and being tekan.
He tio virus
She tio money
She play lottery and tio
I tio banned
You can drive tio bo?
If you go out then can I tumpang some letters to be mailed from post box?
May I tumpang my furniture on your lorry?
Let’s just buy bags for men and get the girls to tompang all their stuff in there.
While you were probably doing someone a favour then, you can now make some money when you help to 'tompang'.
Eh, my wife took my car today. 
Can I tumpang your car to work?
If you need a short ride within the neighbourhood, just tumpang la.
Party chief Low Thia Khiang said that, while they support the name change to honour Encik Yusof, "we cannot square with the change that are being 'tompang'  with the name change."
There are two wats near this village.
Angkor Wat
Having at last got past the crowd of boats, we advanced rapidly for two hours more, when we stopped at a wat, in order to give the men a rest.
Aside from its religious function in the community, the wat also performs a large variety of social functions.
It would be a mistake, however, to emphasize the Hindu element in Cambodian Buddhism and Cambodian temples. 
At its greatest it is always a subordinate element and in most of the wats or temples it hardly appears at all,  […]
It is often possible to discern the motivation or importance of a wat by examining its name
The ubosoth is in a small enclosure just before the main entrance to the wat, on the right, which has fine gilded doors. 
The wat has a small museum.
The gym is across from … what? 
The gym is across from the lounge. 
Across from the lounge. 
Right. 
Thanks!
He knows what he wants.
What goes up must come down.
Keep up with what your friends are doing.
That’s her; that’s the thing what has stole his heart from me.
I will do what I can to help you.
What with singing and joking, the time passed quickly.
The market will calculate these higher risks in their funding costs what might result in higher lending rates.
This leads to an uncertain situation for creditors what would negatively affect the willingness to provide credit.
What a pity.
What a beautiful day!
What, have his daughters brought him to this pass?
What! 
That’s amazing.
What? 
I'm busy.
WHAT? No, no, no, no, no. My casa is your casa, what?
It’s a nice day, what?
What a nice car.
What destruction that tornado brought!
What shirt are you going to wear?
What time is it?
What kind of car is that?
What talent he has!
What a talent!
Write down what things come into your mind.
The emphasis on the interplay between the hows and whats of interpretive practice is paramount.
What are you?
What? 
My, my, what a rude question! 
I am not a what.
Wot, no bananas? 
They didn’t think my mum could take over, much less me, whom they referred to as Ang Yew Seng’s zha bor kia .
Bro, you see, the only thing common about the places you mentioned, all have Zha Bos, this is the entertainment sustaining the us today.
And most of them call me "swee zha bo", pretty girl.
